[GH-issue-594] Add new section to how-ad-blocking-works.md (#613)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/general/ad-filtering/how-ad-blocking-works.md

There are other types of filtering rules, but they require more advanced technical knowledge to understand how they work. If you are interested, [check out our comprehensive guide on filtering rules in the linked article](../create-own-filters).

:::

## Types of request handling in AdGuard

AdGuard handles requests according to filters, user rules and settings enabled by the user. As a result, a request can be blocked, modified, allowed or, when nothing is done to it, just processed.

> A detailed information about how each request was handled by your AdGuard can be found in the *Filtering log* (AdGuard for Windows, AdGuard for Mac, AdGuard Browser extension) or *Recent activity* (AdGuard for iOS, AdGuard for Android).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detailed information on how each request of yours has been handled by AdGuard can be found in the *Filtering log* (AdGuard for Windows, AdGuard for Mac, AdGuard Browser Extension) or *Recent activity* (AdGuard for iOS, AdGuard for Android).
```

Regarding AdGuard filters, you can also check [our filter policy](../filter-policy), which describes in detail what and why each of our filters blocks.

> ### Blocked requests examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Examples of blocked requests
```

AdGuard DNS filter blocks requests to ad domains, such as `ad.doubleclick.net`.

AdGuard Tracking Protection filter blocks tracking requests, such as `youtube.com/youtubei/log_event?`.

> ### Allowed requests examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Examples of allowed requests
```

AdGuard Base filter allows non-ad requests such as `www.google.com/complete/search?q=`.

> Filter unblocking search ads and self-promotion allows search ads requests, such as `www.google.com/aclk?`.

Reviewer: search ads requests звучит непонятно — запросы от поисковой рекламы или к ней?
и лишняя запятая перед suсh as

Author: подправил

> Requests to websites that are added by the user to *Allowlist* are allowed.

Reviewer: а это кажется очевидным

Author: ну да, но я бы оставил с той точки зрения что в целом этот текстик это как бы документация на минималках, то есть здесь there's no such thing as too obvious и кмк нет необходимости сокращать так же как в тексте для более казуального чтения, а фактически это корректный пример таких риквестов

> ### Modified requests examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Examples of modified requests
```

Tracking protection feature with protection level set to *High* enables AdGuard URL Tracking filter which modifies requests by removing tracking parameters from them:

`https://www.rentio.jp/products/ax-n1b?click_from=top_newitems` → `https://www.rentio.jp/products/ax-n1b`

`https://www.baseballchannel.jp/npb/183688/?ref=ise` → `https://www.baseballchannel.jp/npb/183688/`

`https://www.gog.com/game/spec_ops_the_line?pp=2863d7ae605104eeef364e3f164d3404e20f680c&gad_source=1` →
`https://www.gog.com/game/spec_ops_the_line`

> Please note that *Modified* events you see in the Filtering log or Recent activity do not refer only to the cases when a request is modified, but also when:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that *modified* events you see in the Filtering log or Recent activity refer not only to the cases when a request is modified, but also when:
```
